# **First Task:**
We have been appointed as the manager/head-coach of Lausanne's men's football team FC [Lausanne-Sport,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Lausanne-Sport) and as a first step towards improving the team we decide to hire a new player. 

We hypothesize that looking at the physical capabilities of the candidates such as 'running' and 'jumping' might be a good enough proxy for their skill as a football player. Thus, we come up with the idea of letting candidate players do just a couple of exercises such as '100m sprint' and 'high jump', and decide on one of the candidates based on his performance in these exercises. Because we are an aspiring data scientist, we want to use machine learning to optimize the player selection.

We come across a dataset of players from the football video game [FIFA 19](https://www.ea.com/games/fifa/fifa-19), which contains hand-annotated data about thousands of real-world football players, in particular about their skills in different domains. Each row of the dataset corresponds to a player (we might recognize some of them). It contains information such as the player's nationality and their market value. However, the attributes that we are interested in are the skills of the players in various footballing aspects such as 'agility', 'dribbling', or 'heading accuracy'. We use these attributes to predict the overall scores of the players after intensive pre-processing of the data.

# **Second Task:**
We are reddit's community manager and want to appoint new moderators. Because moderating a specific subreddit isn't a full-time job, we want the chosen moderators to moderate multiple subreddits at the same time. To make this choice effective, the moderators shouldn't have to spend too much time getting to know the community and the prevalent communication style, so it makes sense to let moderators moderate subreddits that are similar in communication style and language. At the same time, it also makes sense to let them moderate subreddits that are similar with respect to the participating users, because this allows moderators to track the behavior of individual users over multiple subreddits. For example, some users might only post offensive content once a month on a given subreddit, and therefore fly under the radar with someone moderating only that subreddit. However, considering all the subreddits these users post to, they might post something offensive every day but on different subreddits. Thus, a moderator in charge of all these subreddits would be able to ban such users much more effectively. In the light of the above description, our task is to find out ways to choose moderators considering both the textual content and the users of a subreddit.


